#27173 added docs for order_by _geo_distance (#352)
flotiq/flotiq-docs: docs/API/search.md

!!! Note
    You may also use the `.keyword` suffix for other data than text fields, for example, if you are using an `id` field that uses a `number` type in Flotiq, you may still want to consider using the `.keyword` suffix when ordering by such field. This will result in slightly faster searching and will sort objects by id alphabetically, not from the highest number to the lowest.

### Order by `_geo_distance`

> Flotiq allows searching geo fields based on the distance from a point specified in `geo_filters`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flotiq allows sorting based on the distance from a point specified in `geo_filters`. By using `order_by=_geo_distance`, you can sort both in ascending and descending order, using `order_direction`.
```
